Kevin Miranda Torres

Guided Inquiry: Version Control

What is Terminal?

Terminal is the backbone of your computer. It is the skeleton of your directories and 
where you have access to all the content stored in your computer. Through the terminal you can
install packages, delete packages and also move around folders and items. Every command that your computer 
runs through the mouse has a terminal command. So when you move a folder from desktop to documents, your terminal
must can also do it through a move command. The Terminal has the ability to update or check the status of software.
If you need to check the current version of the software you're using you can run the -v command with the software name
as well if you need the run a current version of that software you can also get that done. It is very important for developers
especially those who are interested in Backend. Alot of backend servers are ran through terminal, that is also the way most
Databases are ran naturally, it wasn't until the introduction of the dashboards that we started seeing alot of users moving 
to a different way of running those folders.

What is the major difference between Git and Github?

Git is a language used to navigate through repositories, forks and timelines. Where Github is the server/application where 
all repositories, folders, and files are stored. You can use github to share projects as well as collaborate with other 
developers. The Github community also has alot of resources on open repo projects as well as forums on past applications. 

Why do we use Github?

Github is an application where you can collaborate with your team on a project. It is a safe place to maintain working directories
and work on new implementation without having to change the working code. Most companies use github in order to open branches for their 
developers to have a safe place to work on changes, you can fork the current main branch to create an instance where you can make additions 
or delitions without influencing other's code. This is essential when working on big teams where version control is important.